Clarify limitation of start and finish in gapfill (#571)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: api.md

| `start` | The start of the gapfill period (timestamp/timestamptz/date)|
| `finish` | The end of the gapfill period (timestamp/timestamptz/date)|

> Note that explicitely provided `start` and `stop` or dervied from WHERE clause values 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that explicitly provided `start` and `stop` or derived from WHERE clause values 
```
